Meeting Date: 04/11/2020
Time: 14:30
[Attendees: Tom, Sam, Gustaf, Tim]
Meeting Duration: 4.5 Hours

Meeting Summary

Met as a group and discussed the problem. Found that there's a fundamental problem
where Root does not easily handle dates. This means (bluntly put) that we are not
going to be able to use any of the code Tom has been working on, as it was based on
Root being able to easily recognise and handle "date" objects. 

Despite an amendment (made by Sam) to the bash code allowing for headers to to 
be used, the point still stands that we're not going to be able to plot directly by headers. 

Gustaf has began work on plotting directly from the files, using parts of the code.
All of the files have been cleansed in the same format. The decision was made that our
group will focus on temperature. 

Sam discussed what three points of analysis we want to make. 

The following people have been assigned the following tasks:

(Gustaf)
- Working on getting the dates from the files to be processable. 
- Will then work on graphing them.

(Sam)
- Considering different points of analysis that we could do.
- Going to edit the BASH script to allow for columns to become part of their own files.

(Tim) 
- Working to get files processed, has mentioned that many files online typically
consist of only two columns, so it would be good for the cleaner to be able to
produce multiple files. Passed task to Sam.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting Date: 02/11/2020
Time: 16:30
Meeting Duration: 1.5 Hours
[Attendees: Tom, Sam]

Meeting Summary: 

Discussed who's bash script should be used to cleanse the data for analysis.

Concluded that Sam's BASH code was overall better received by grader, and
hence he will clear up his code and cleanse the files. 

In order to allow for Tom to work in-parallel, Tom will set up a script
which takes a cleansed file as input and produces a graph which displays
relevant data. 

Do not want multiple files/functions to do the same thing. Ideally only
one person writing the file that cleanses, one person writes the graph-
plotting code.

The following people have been delegated the following tasks:

(Sam)
- Work with BASH script from tutorial 3 in order to cleanse the raw data
files that we've been given. 
- Calculate the "average temperature" of Sweden through all documented
years. 

(Tom)
- Write a root file which takes a cleansed file as an input and produces
a graph. (Extra: Allow user to choose the axis' that they want to plot?)
- Write a root file that finds the maximum recorded temperature of each
year and plot the result. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting Date: 30/10/2020
Time: 15:15
Meeting Duration: 1.0 Hour
[Attendees: Tom, Sam]

Meeting Summary: 

The initial bottleneck of the project will be in "cleansing" the files. 
We had a look through the files and got an idea of what is required. 

The plan formed as of today is basically as follows:

(1) Complete the Root homeworks over the weekend.
(2) Meet up as a group on Monday and delegate work between us all,
however as mentioned, we can't really do a great deal until we all 
have the ability to open and use the files.
(3) Tom to set up a Github repository.
