This file serves as a place where any member of the team can add thoughts
and suggestions about what they want to do. Ideas may come up randomly
and not in the meeting, which is why this file exists.

(Sam)
-Got the weather analysis to compare two graphs but then realized it would be better analysis
to compare one year with an average, I wrote a code to do this. Uploaded original two
year comparison and new event analysis. The datacleaner was changed to remove headers.
-06/11/2020

-Currently attempting to change the Weather analysis code that that it can compare two
years on the same graph, this is to aid in my analysis to see if there is any noticable
change in the temperature after the Eyjafjallajökull volcanic eruption in 2010. - 05/11/2020

- I have further edited the cleaner so to comply with tim's request. The cleaner now
prompts the user to ask if they would like the date and time in a separate file to the
temperatures and splits them accordingly. - 04/11/2020

- I have edited my cleaner to include headers for the different columns including date,
time and temperature. This is to aid Tom in his graphing code as they require headers to work.
I am now trying to aid in the finding of a way to graph dates. - 04/11/2020

- The file cleaner has been created, will upload shortly. The cleaner will first check
if a input parameter has been given, then detemine whether the file exists.
Next it determines whether this is one of the smhi files or the uppsala file
based on whether or not it finds 'Datum'. From here it cleans the file, For the
smhi files it is straightforward as a correction of homework 3. The uppsala file
is in a different format and as such is converted to the same format as the cleaned
smhi files. One potential worry is that while the smhi file has date in the form
1999-01-01 the uppsala file will give the same date as 1999-1-1. Futhermore the 
temperature in the uppsala file will display 0.4 as .4 . For the moment neither
of these pose problems so I will leave them in this form for now and correct if 
needed. - 02/11/2020

(Tom)

-> I have made new code which utilises TTree. Unfortunately our group has fractured
somewhat into four different codes, however this was a predictable outcome when
the initial code failed. In a "more time" situation, we would have worked on condensing
all of our codes into something more general, which is something that Sam and
Gustaf discussed yesterday. - 06/11/2020

-> The code that I've worked on is essentially (and unfortunately) useless because
it is built around the TGraph function, which isn't what we want to use. It would be
salvagable except there doesn't seem to be a direct way to plot columns from a file easily
using TGraph functionality. For this reason, two of my colleagues (Gustaf and Tim) are
experimenting with plotting the data using vectors and other methods. Hopefully they have
more success than I did. Due to new course commitments, I'm unable to work much on the code
today, however I'm hoping to contribute tomorrow morning in the report for the code.

Our aim is to come up with three points of analysis, and write them neatly into a report.
I will write this report tomorrow morning, before our presentation. I will
create the outline of this report in our meeting later today, and upload the first
commit of it if I can find a way to wget it into the linux filespace. - 05/11/2020

-> Yesterday I worked on the graphing code. The intention is to give the user the ability to
choose what they're plotting against what. I've had a few negative thoughts about this though
namely that it might be irritating for analysis. But will hold a meeting today and discuss
with group what they think. It has only been tried on "play data" so far, so I'm slightly
concerned about using it on "real" data -- we'll see what happens. I also acknowledge
that it was probably a bad idea for me to not make a commit yesterday with the "so far"
working code. I will definitely put the code on Github today. - 04/11/2020

-> It would be good for the graphing file to have two different functions.
Assume that the graphing file is called Grapher(). It would be good if Grapher
upon being executed, would ask the user which columns they want to compare
and graph. - 02/11/2020

(Tim)
- Working on plotting the data
- Able to plot data from 1995 - 2020 using TDatime Class
- Want to use class TTimeStamp to plot data from 1995 and earlier 
- Have plotter ignore column names, manually removing column names currently
- Next begin analysis of the data histogram, standard dev, min max, etc

(Gustaf)


